---
layout: post
title:  "Journey through Code"
date:   2017-09-13 20:43:35 -0400
---

Once I gave birth to my son, I was transformed and reborn as a mother. That title holds a completely new meaning now that I am experiencing life as one. Now, when I look at mother(s), I witness the miracles she performs, and can fully appreciate them. Mothers make so many sacrifices in order to provide the best for our children. In the beginning, I had trouble figuring out what kind of mother I would be and how I can combine that with my dreams and goals. As my son gets older, I know that I want to be present in his life.I don't know if it is possible to do both but I am hoping that once i accomplish this bootcamp, i can make that possible. I am a Jack-of-all-trades: I make jewelery, I sing and create music, I enjoy storyboarding video concepts for music, and building websites. But, I felt I was lacking something that could help me to be greater. I wanted to learn to code because I think it will help me to fuse all of my passions together and find a career that can cater to my lifestyle. So, maybe as a mother, I won't have to make sacrifices and instead, dream bigger. I hope to help my community by building websites for local businesses, our school board, the Rockland Baby Cafe, and other non-profits. Eventually, if I get better at web developing, I can teach the young girls in my community to code as well. I want to give them an opportunity to dream big and think outside of the box. Anyways, I hope to invest more in myself and I can not wait to create a website for myself.
